src/blog/brew-cheat-sheet.md, before:

---
title: 'brew: Cheat Sheet'
publicationDate: '2020-10-07'
tags: 'Cheat Sheet'
---

To list software you currently have installed with version numbers, use:
```bash
brew list --versions
```

To see just the software, which is not a dependency of another:
```bash
brew leaves
```

To keep the Homebrew itself up-to-date, and fetch the newest version from GitHub:
```bash
brew update
```

After updating the brew, check which formulae have an updated version available, display detailed version information to
see if you have more than one older version laying around:
```bash
brew outdated --verbose
```

See any app that you no longer need and want to get rid of them? Check the dependencies for all installed formulae:
```bash
brew deps --installed
```

For even more detailed picture, show the dependencies for all installed formulae as a tree:
```bash
brew deps --installed --tree
```

As a final precaution before removing a formula, see what other installed formulae use it as a dependency:
```bash
brew uses --installed formula
```

Uninstall formulae and all their older versions:
```bash
brew remove --force formulae
```

Upgrade remaining formulae:
```bash
brew upgrade
```

Show what will be removed by cleanup command, but do not actually remove anything:
```bash
brew cleanup -ns
```

Clean the "Cellar" removing any older versions of installed formulae and clearing old downloads from the Homebrew
download-cache. Additionally, scrub the cache, removing downloads for even the latest versions of formula, which are downloaded, but not installed:

```bash
brew cleanup -s
```

```bash
brew info [formula]
```

Commit message:

(#38) added the 4 latest posts to home page
* added excerpts to each post, enabled using gray-matter via 11ty
* added short summary for each cheat sheet
* update blog post list to include excerpt
* update home page to to render the 4 latest blog posts
* removed menion of reference from home page
* merged hdfs into hadoop cheat sheet
* only considering the hadoop change as a content update

src/blog/brew-cheat-sheet.md, after:

---
title: 'brew: Cheat Sheet'
publicationDate: '2020-10-07'
tags: 'Cheat Sheet'
---

Learn essential commands for installing, updating, and managing software packages on macOS with this quick reference
guide. Perfect for macOS users and developers!

---

Homebrew is a package manager for macOS that simplifies the installation, updating, and management of software packages.

To list software you currently have installed with version numbers, use:

```bash
brew list --versions
```

To see just the software, which is not a dependency of another:

```bash
brew leaves
```

To keep the Homebrew itself up-to-date, and fetch the newest version from GitHub:

```bash
brew update
```

After updating the brew, check which formulae have an updated version available, display detailed version information to
see if you have more than one older version laying around:

```bash
brew outdated --verbose
```

See any app that you no longer need and want to get rid of them? Check the dependencies for all installed formulae:

```bash
brew deps --installed
```

For even more detailed picture, show the dependencies for all installed formulae as a tree:

```bash
brew deps --installed --tree
```

As a final precaution before removing a formula, see what other installed formulae use it as a dependency:

```bash
brew uses --installed formula
```

Uninstall formulae and all their older versions:

```bash
brew remove --force formulae
```

Upgrade remaining formulae:

```bash
brew upgrade
```

Show what will be removed by cleanup command, but do not actually remove anything:

```bash
brew cleanup -ns
```

Clean the "Cellar" removing any older versions of installed formulae and clearing old downloads from the Homebrew
download-cache. Additionally, scrub the cache, removing downloads for even the latest versions of formula, which are
downloaded, but not installed:

```bash
brew cleanup -s
```

```bash
brew info [formula]
```
