src/projects.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/full_width.njk
title: Projects
date: 'git Last Modified'
---

# Projects

## This site

The site is built with my bare hands using [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com),
and [AlpineJS](https://alpinejs.dev) hosted on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com), and source available on
[GitHub](https://github.com/skanjo/samer.kanjo.net). Discuss content with me on [Bluesky]({{ site.author.bluesky }}).

## kill-vertx

In the past I used [Vert.x](https://vertx.io) to build high performance edge servers. This project was intended to find
the best way to properly shutdown a Vert.x application. The project is available on
[GitHub](https://github.com/skanjo/kill-vertx).

## HIPS

The project was an interview homework assignment originally developed in Java. Later I implemented this project in
Clojure, my first Clojure project. Probably not the best Clojure and I am sure I would make some changes now, the thing
I like about the Clojure version was implementing a multi-module project using [Leiningen](https://leiningen.org). You
can find the [Java](https://github.com/skanjo/hips-java) version and [Clojure](https://github.com/skanjo/hips-clj)
version on GitHub.

Commit message:

(#82) wrote the epic pet clinic start post
in addition to writing the post, added the project to the projects page and
removed the project list from the home page (didn't feel it had value there)

src/projects.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/full_width.njk
title: Projects
date: 'git Last Modified'
---

# Projects

## This Website

The site is built with my bare hands using [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev), [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com),
and [AlpineJS](https://alpinejs.dev) hosted on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com), and source available on
[GitHub](https://github.com/skanjo/samer.kanjo.net). Discuss content with me on [Bluesky]({{ site.author.bluesky }}).

## Epic Pet Clinic

The *Epic Pet Clinic* is based on the [Spring Pet Clinic](https://github.com/skanjo/spring-petclinic) which was
intended as an example for using Spring to create web applications and inspired by Sun Microsystems'
[Java Pet Store](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/petstore-v1312.html). *Epic Pet Clinic* will initially have
feature parity with *Spring Pet Clinic* but then evolve to serve as a demonstration of my capability to create useful
web applications using the latest technology. See [post](/blog/epic-pet-clinic-start/) about the start of this project
and follow along with my progress.

## kill-vertx

In the past I used [Vert.x](https://vertx.io) to build high performance edge servers. This project was intended to find
the best way to properly shutdown a Vert.x application. The project is available on
[GitHub](https://github.com/skanjo/kill-vertx).

## HIPS

The project was an interview homework assignment originally developed in Java. Later I implemented this project in
Clojure, my first Clojure project. Probably not the best Clojure and I am sure I would make some changes now, the thing
I like about the Clojure version was implementing a multi-module project using [Leiningen](https://leiningen.org). You
can find the [Java](https://github.com/skanjo/hips-java) version and [Clojure](https://github.com/skanjo/hips-clj)
version on GitHub.
